aur: mark multiple package installation (#17544)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/aur.md

> - Download a package and its dependencies from AUR, build them and add them to a local repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download one or more packages and their dependencies from the AUR, build them, and add them to a local repository:
```
